README.md, before:

<img src="https://neovim.io/logos/neovim-mark-flat.png" align="right" width="100" />

NeoTerm.lua
-----

Now you have two sides for each **buffer**:

1. The buffer itself
2. Its terminal buffer.

and you just use one single command `NeoTermToggle` to switch the side of each one :)


## DEMO

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24765272/224787066-a51f18d3-3da7-440d-ab77-349a59aac050.mov


## Feat.

- ~0ms load time (lines ~200)
- No dependency.
- Only add two commands in your pocket: easy to remember.
- Focus on DX:
  - simple `setup`, so always readable.
  - auto enter insert-mode on `BufEnter` the terminal.
  - customizable(`term_mode_hl`) background color on enter termbuf insert-mode. :art:

### Feat.

- support [`vim-test/vim-test`](https://github.com/vim-test/vim-test) out-of-the-box (`setup.presets`).


## Config

```lua
use {
  'nyngwang/NeoTerm.lua',
  config = function ()
    require('neo-term').setup {
      exclude_filetypes = { 'oil' },
      exclude_buftypes = { 'terminal' },
      -- enabled by default!
      -- presets = {
      --   'vim-test',
      -- }
    }
    vim.keymap.set('n', '<M-Tab>', function () vim.cmd('NeoTermToggle') end)
    vim.keymap.set('t', '<M-Tab>', function () vim.cmd('NeoTermEnterNormal') end)
  end
}
```

Commit message:

refactor(setup): exclude_buftypes will always include 'terminal' (Close #26)

README.md, after:

<img src="https://neovim.io/logos/neovim-mark-flat.png" align="right" width="100" />

NeoTerm.lua
-----

Now you have two sides for each **buffer**:

1. The buffer itself
2. Its terminal buffer.

and you just use one single command `NeoTermToggle` to switch the side of each one :)


## DEMO

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24765272/224787066-a51f18d3-3da7-440d-ab77-349a59aac050.mov


## Feat.

- ~0ms load time (lines ~200)
- No dependency.
- Only add two commands in your pocket: easy to remember.
- Focus on DX:
  - simple `setup`, so always readable.
  - auto enter insert-mode on `BufEnter` the terminal.
  - customizable(`term_mode_hl`) background color on enter termbuf insert-mode. :art:

### Feat.

- support [`vim-test/vim-test`](https://github.com/vim-test/vim-test) out-of-the-box (`setup.presets`).


## Config

```lua
use {
  'nyngwang/NeoTerm.lua',
  config = function ()
    require('neo-term').setup {
      exclude_filetypes = { 'oil' },
      -- exclude_buftypes = {}, -- 'terminal' will always be added by NeoTerm.lua
      -- enabled by default!
      -- presets = {
      --   'vim-test',
      -- }
    }
    vim.keymap.set('n', '<M-Tab>', function () vim.cmd('NeoTermToggle') end)
    vim.keymap.set('t', '<M-Tab>', function () vim.cmd('NeoTermEnterNormal') end)
  end
}
```
